# COMP-596-Web-Application-Development
Class Meeting Time &amp; Location: Wednesday 4-6:40 Website: https://github.com/ http://blackboard.bridgew.edu/ Instructor: Dr. Jung (sjung@bridgew.edu) DMF339 Office Hours: 10-11 Tuesdays and Thursdays, 2-3:30 Wednesdays, or by appointment ___________________________________________________________________________________________ BSU Catalog Course Description: (http://catalog.bridgew.edu ) COMP 596 - Topics in Computer Science Prerequisite: Admission to the MS program in Computer Science or consent of instructor 3 credits, this course is elective in the category 3 Software Development https://www.bridgew.edu/graduate/computer-science-ms In this course, topics are chosen from program verification, formal semantics, formal language theory, concurrent programming, complexity or algorithms, programming language theory, graphics and other computer science topics. Repeatable for different topics. Offered as topics arise. This course covers web technologies for modern web application development; designing, developing, publishing websites on the World Wide Web; databases, client and server-side scripting, security and privacy issues. Course Outcomes (Learning objectives) At the end of the course, students should be able to • Describe the fundamentals of web development • Design and implement a web application with a variety of programming techniques • Demonstrate the ability to run and mange a web application Major Topics Covered in the Course • Client-side development • Server-side development • Working with Databases • Web Server Administration Instructional Methodologies This course will combine traditional lecturing with hands-on assignments that reinforce the lecture material. In particular, lectures will focus on concepts and ideas while the assignments will provide concrete experience and skills. Students will also have a term project, which allows them to apply what they learned from the lectures to interesting questions. Learning requires work. Research indicates that we learn through practice, teaching others, and discussion that corrects misconceptions. Assignments: • Further instructions will be given in each assignment. • Must be submitted on the due date. Assignments submitted late will be given a grade of 0. • Extensions will be handled on an individual basis, but typically reserved for special cases. The earlier you talk to me, the better your chances of receiving one. Do not expect to get an extension by requesting on the assignment due day. No extensions will be allowed after due. • All of the assignment scores will be entered into the grading formula. • No make-up assignments, no extra assignments for this class Exams: Make-ups for exams will be given ONLY to those students who (1) contact me BEFORE the exam with a reasonable excuse (documented by a note from a physician, court summons, etc.). All of these exam scores will be entered into the grading formula. You will fail the course (Letter grade F) if you miss any exam.
